Hello and here we go for that update step.
Now that we've got our rollout we have everything to make this one step of great in the sense to date
the weight of the presumption of our policy in the best directions that increase the most we reward.
So I remind quickly that we going to do this test here and that here these words we get in a positive
direction once we get in negative directions and the perturbations are composed in what we got some
rolled out but they also talked about these rollout in the paper that we're going to put as the argument
of the update method of our policy class and therefore making that data step will be a piece of cake.
It will not only take one line but a couple of words.
Let's do this.
I actually tried to do it.
For me it's a good practice to know Heno the method and class in Python.
Well of course let's have a look at our policy class first.
That's where we built the AI.
Remember we made that policy class that is composed of not only the matrix of weight saeter has the
main variable of the future object policies of this class and then a couple of two.
Here we have the evaluate method that applies to perturbations.
Here we have the simple deltas method that sampled the Deltas following normal distribution.
And mostly we have to update method that makes that one step have approximated great in the sense.
And as we see the update method takes it and put the roll out and the variance standard deviation of
all the words including the positive ones and the negative ones.
So in order to make that a data step what we simply need to do is take our policy object which will
be created later on but we can still use it here because we are doing that inside a function brain function.
So we take our policy object then from this object we're going to call the update method which will
take as arguments are rolled out that we've just gathered in the previous tutorial and of course the
standardization of the word which we also gathered or computed to tutorials before and then the previous
one but the one before.
So we have everything to make that a data step in a flashlight.
Let's do this let's take first as we said our policy object which will create later.
Then from the subject we take the update method which takes as input only two arguments.
First one is our rollout that we've gathered here and the second one is the standard deviation of the
word.
Sigma R which we computed here all good and that's done nothing else to do.
You have made your data step one step of great in this sense.
To update your policy in the best directions that increase the most wars and therefore that gives your
policy a better ability to walk.
Congratulations.
That's it for this Statoil.
Now we move onto the next step which will be to you know when we launch the training we would like to
see appearing in the canso all the accumulated words we get at the end of each training loop that is
at the end of each of these steps here in this fall loop and how we're going to do that.
Well remember that we made this explore function that is not only used to explore the policy on one
specific direction whether it is positive or negative.
And over one episode remember the direction it can take the value none and the perturbation that I can
take the value none as well therefore to get this final word at the end of each of the train steps we're
simply going to call this explore function without any directions or with direction it goes none and
without any perturbation but with the new policy that was just updated.
And with our normalizer so that we get the accumulated B word with the new weights.
You know after they were dead in the best directions so that at the end of each training loop we can
get the reward and keep track of how the word is evolving and hopefully improving over the training
loops.
And then you'll see in the end we'll do a print to print these final words.
All right so let's do this and do that in the next toils.
And until then enjoy.